One thing that always struck me about the
bathhouses is that women and people who are
socialized female approach sex a lot differently
than I think gay men do.
There was quite a bit of socializing, talking
and feeling each other out.
I think every women-and-trans sex party that
I’ve been to, not just at the bathhouse,
there’s always this beginning part of socializing
where there needs to be some talking, hanging out
and hugging and “Hey, how are you?
What have you been up to?”
And just, sort of a...
Yeah, like a connecting point.
I think sometimes in our minds, you know,
when you think about what’s going to happen,
you think you’re just going to arrive and
you’re going to grab someone and you’re
just going to go shove them in a corner.
And that would be great, but that’s not
really the way that you get a date.
[laughs]
It’s friendly, but there is this
undercurrent of tension, of sexiness.
Something’s going to happen.
And people are talking, but they’re looking
around.
Right?
They’re like, “Who’s here?
Who am I going to follow?
Who’s looking at me?
Is anyone looking at me?”
Everyone and everything just seems so hot.
The whole thing was just hot, hot, hot.
And I’m not sure at the time I would say
it in these words, but I think everyone felt it,
that what was happening was sort of unique
and precious.
This was not something that was going to happen
all the time.
And so, I think this feeling of just wanting
to grab this moment.
Despite any anxiety or trepidation, just wanting
to just jump in and just be in it.